{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Calibri;}}
\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl900\margr900\margt720\margb720
\f0\fs22

{\fs36\b BLC Plant Hire\par}
{\fs28\b From development in Cursor to live apps (Google Play and Apple App Store)\par}
{\fs22\b Namibia context, backend mail API, and detailed activity list\par}
\fs18\i Save as .docx in Word via File > Save As if required.\i0\fs22\par
\line

{\fs26\b PART A - Namibia-specific considerations\par\b0}
- {\b Entity and tax:} Confirm CC/company registration, VAT registration if applicable, and how subscription/ad revenue is invoiced (NAD).\par
- {\b Banking:} Production payout account verified with your bank (e.g. Bank Windhoek); reconciliation process for listing fees and advertiser payments.\par
- {\b Payments landscape:} Evaluate hosted checkout (DPO Network, Mpay/Mobipaid, bank gateways) per volume; document chosen provider in Privacy Policy and terms.\par
- {\b Telecoms:} Primary contact numbers (+264) tested for telco formatting; SMS links where used; WhatsApp Business policy if you automate messages.\par
- {\b Data protection:} Align privacy notice with Namibian POPIA-style expectations and global store rules (Apple/Google); state cross-border hosting if APIs sit outside NA.\par
- {\b Labour and safety copy:} Any hire/sale disclaimers in-app reviewed for local practice (not legal advice - lawyer sign-off for contracts).\par
- {\b Support hours:} Publish realistic response SLAs (you already reference review windows per tier).\par
\line

{\fs26\b PART B - Backend mail API (design through production)\par\b0}
{\b Discovery}\par
- List every email-triggering flow: password reset, bid/hire notifications, payment confirmations, bulk mail to leads, admin alerts.\par
- Choose stack (Node, Python, PHP, serverless) matching your hosting; define JSON schema per endpoint.\par
{\b Security}\par
- API key or JWT for server routes; rotate keys; never embed production secrets in the WebView app.\par
- Rate limiting, IP allowlist optional, validation of payloads; sanitize attachments if added later.\par
- SPF, DKIM, DMARC on sending domain to reduce spam folder placement.\par
{\b Implementation}\par
- Endpoints such as POST /api/mail, /api/mail/bulk, /api/admin/verify, /api/notify/payment as hinted in app config.\par
- Structured logging and idempotency for payment notifications.\par
{\b Deployment}\par
- HTTPS only; TLS 1.2+; environment variables for SMTP or transactional provider (SendGrid, Mailgun, SES, or local SMTP).\par
- Staging URL wired in app storage key blc_api_base; production cutover checklist.\par
{\b Operations}\par
- Bounce and complaint handling; dead-letter queue or alerts when mail fails.\par
\line

{\fs26\b PART C - Detailed activities: Cursor development to final product\par\b0}

{\fs24\b Phase 1 - Repository and Cursor workflow\par\b0}
1. Clone repo; open workspace in Cursor; confirm JDK/Android SDK paths for Gradle.\par
2. Document branch strategy (main, release); enable format-on-save if team agrees.\par
3. Inventory single-file web app vs native wrappers (Capacitor/WebView); note sync command so www stays identical.\par
4. Run debug APK locally; capture screenshots for regression folder.\par
5. Add .env.example or README notes for API base URL (no secrets in git).\par

{\fs24\b Phase 2 - Application features and quality\par\b0}
6. Complete owner flows: login, listing submit, tier selection, agreements.\par
7. Admin flows: approvals, tiers, social ZIP batches, analytics export paths.\par
8. Premium/Featured rules consistent with store marketing copy.\par
9. Safe areas and draggable chat FAB verified on notched devices.\par
10. Localisation strings audited (EN/AF/OS) for new screens.\par
11. Accessibility pass: tap targets, contrast, error messages.\par
12. Performance: image size limits; lazy load where applicable.\par

{\fs24\b Phase 3 - Backend integration\par\b0}
13. Deploy staging API; point app blc_api_base at staging.\par
14. Implement and test mail endpoints against real SMTP/provider.\par
15. Verify admin verify and password reset paths end-to-end.\par
16. Load-test bulk mail modestly; confirm timeouts in WebView.\par
17. Production API deploy; rotate keys; lock CORS to app origins if browser-hosted.\par

{\fs24\b Phase 4 - Test and release engineering\par\b0}
18. Android: release keystore created and backed up offline; Play App Signing enabled.\par
19. Build signed AAB minSdk/targetSdk compliant; Proguard/R8 rules if enabled.\par
20. iOS: Apple Developer account active; certificates and provisioning profiles.\par
21. Archive release IPA; ATS (App Transport Security) allows only HTTPS endpoints you own.\par
22. Automated smoke tests or manual test scripts documented.\par

{\fs24\b Phase 5 - Store submissions\par\b0}
23. Google: Play Console app created; Data Safety, content rating, target audience completed.\par
24. Store listing assets (screenshots, feature graphic, descriptions) Namibian-market wording.\par
25. Internal and closed testing tracks cleared; pre-launch report addressed.\par
26. Apple: App Store Connect metadata; App Privacy nutrition labels match data collection.\par
27. Encryption/export compliance questions answered accurately.\par
28. Submit both; monitor review queues; prepare fix builds within 48h if rejected.\par

{\fs24\b Phase 6 - Launch and operations\par\b0}
29. Staged rollout on Play; monitor ANRs and crashes.\par
30. TestFlight or phased iOS release if using.\par
31. Publish support email and phone on listing and policy pages.\par
32. Incident playbook: API down, mail backlog, fraudulent listings.\par
33. Quarterly review: store policy changes, SDK updates, dependency patches.\par
\line

{\fs26\b Appendix - Cursor-focused habits\par\b0}
- Keep tasks small; one PR-sized change per feature when moving off single-file HTML.\par
- Use AI review for diffs but manually verify payment and auth paths.\par
- Tag releases in git matching store versionCode/versionName (Android) and CFBundleShortVersionString (iOS).\par

}
